To build a predictive model,
you first start with a bunch of data where the outcome is already known.
This data is called the training set.
The training set will have several variables,
called predictor variables, as well as the outcome or target variable.
For example, if you want to predict the likelihood that a student
will graduate based on some information you have about them,
you train your model using historical data on
students for whom you already know whether or not they graduated.
The training dataset helps the model understand
the relationship between predictor variables and the outcome or target variable.
The model is then applied to a new dataset where the outcomes are not yet known.
We call this dataset the Test dataset.
In the students example,
the test data would be new or existing
students for whom we have the predictor variable data,
but the graduation outcome is not yet known.
You apply the model to that dataset to get
an estimate of the likelihood each student will graduate.
The more training data you have,
the more accurately the model can predict outcomes.
In this first project,
you'll use a predictive model designed to predict
the price of diamonds based on their various attributtes.
The model has already been trained using
a large dataset of diamonds where the prices are already known.
You'll be using the results of the model to predict prices for
another set of diamonds for which you will have their attributes,
but the price is not known. Good luck.